1. Game Layout
    a. game menu(start screen)
    b. 5 Levels (every 2 levels board, background, soundtrack, will change)
    c. player will have 3 lives
    d. win screen 'You survived' (continues to next level)
    e. loose screen 'you died' (ends game)
    f. winners screen (beat game)
    g. Play screen/board


2. Title/Game menu/start screen
    a. Title will be named Simon Says.
    b. Game menu will fade out upon start.
    c. Game menu will have a background along with background music.
    d. Game menu will have a start 'Button' 
    e. Once user clicks start, 'Or Else. . .' will be added to Title Name
    f. Start button will have a unique shape
    g. Game will have an overall tetris/retro/geometry/colorfull theme
        2.a. Title(Simon says)
                a. title will be colored text
                b. Once button is clicked title will read 'Simon Says OR ELSE. . .'
                c. Title will be placed at the top of the screen centered
                d. Title will say 'Simon Says'
        2.d. Button
                a. button will placed just below the middle of screen(game board) centered
                b. button will say 'Start'
                c. button will make sound once clicked
                d. upon click, it will add text 'OR ELSE. . .'
        
3. ColorButtons
    a. buttons will be divs shaped like triangles
    b. buttons will be different colors with unique tones
    c. have hover effect 

4. PLAY MENU/BOARD
    a. board will have a square center with a triangle on each side pointing outwards
    b. board will change every 2 lvls 
    c. triangles will be color coded and buttons
    d. square will read either lvl, be blank, read message, or read whose turn it is 
    c. play menu will display 3 lives on top right of screen, will be heart shaped

5. LVLs 
    a. There will be 5 Levels, having level 1 be the easiest and 5 be the hardest.
    b. every 2 levels board, background, and soundtrack changes
    c. there will be 4 set speeds normal, normal++, fast, fast++. lvl 5 will default to fast++
    d. player has to win current lvl to continue to the next   

6. Message Box
    a. be a square shape 
    b. will display three messages on (before start, on start, and when lose)
    
        
